
The Design Of Orthopedic Mattress

After a hard day’s work, your back deserves the best rest and a good night’s sleep. With our orthopedic counterpart, we’re always looking for new ways to better the quality of your sleep. When your spine is misaligned or bent unnaturally, you experience restless sleep and a sore back when you wake up. With this in mind, we’ve been working with newer technologies to create a product that gives you deep sleep, every night.

This particular Memory Foam Mattress has been upgraded to give you targeted relief. This means that it is designed to have differential zones that cater to the support needs of different parts of your body, from the heaviest to the lightest. This ensures that your spine is aligned and your entire body is cradled with enhanced comfort, so that you wake up feeling refreshed every morning. From best king size memory foam mattress for a large master bedroom to a sweet queen memory foam mattress, Telflex has got it all. Also, don’t forget the single memory foam mattress that would serve your single bed right.

Moreover, here’s an idea: try finding out the right pillows for sleep for yourself. That’s because your body needs thoughtful care that only a few pillows can give you. Hence, let’s choose good health over everything else.
Benefits of Telflex’s Orthopedic Memory Foam Mattress

Of the ample benefits of the Telflex’s orthopaedic foam the special characteristics to relieve back pain stands tall. Here are more reasons why you should choose Telflex.

    We’ve crafted a 7 Pressure Zone layer with grooves through the length of the foam layer. Manufactured through an advanced process, this layer customises comfort for every part of your body by providing varying levels of support for different parts of your body. The heaviest parts of your body such as the hips and shoulders are given more support, whereas the lighter parts such as your neck and legs are supported by softer zones.
    The grooves in the 7 Pressure Zone layer also provide additional cushioning that helps enhance comfort and support. After all, a good mattress can make a stylish bedding decor feel better as well.
    Our Next Gen Memory Foam responds to the pressure applied on it and forms around the shape of the sleeper. It relieves the pressure and almost cradles you into deep sleep, reducing soreness in your body.
    Research shows that when your body temperature is at its lowest, it is when you will sleep deepest. Our new ortho memory foam mattress has a new 7 pressure foam layer that enables air circulation through the mattress, reducing the heat build up on the surface and allowing you to sleep cool and comfortable.
    The spun knitted external cover of the mattress can be removed and machine washed to ensure better hygiene for your mattress, protecting you from dirt and dust.

If you experience all these benefits, your sleep cycle, mood, attitude, etc is going to improve significantly. Also, understanding which side is best to sleep can help you have the optimal sleep catering to your health. Just some basic practices that go a long way!
The Design Journey Of Foam Mattress

As with us, the journey always starts with hundreds of customers’ home visits, thousands of phone calls and several hours of exploring consumer insights. Armed with this data, we dug deeper into the interests, sleeping patterns and requirements of an average Indian. We took a step further and approached R&D as a consumer-led problem, rather than merely making it a lab experiment. This is especially relevant, since whether you like a mattress or not is driven by personal experiences.

Our extensive consumer preferences study covering thousands of customers showed us how they perceive the different materials available in the market. Memory foam was viewed as a more novel technology and a premium product. Some of our customers consider this while also looking for cues in creative kids bedroom ideas. This was followed by latex, because the perception was that it is more eco-friendly, and then by normal PU foam, which had a strong association of durability and longevity. Finally came spring mattresses which everybody associated with hotels and a bouncy feel.

Knowing the exact pain points and being aware of the need for enhanced comfort, we arrived at this unique design for our memory foam mattress, with three different layers:

This mattress leads to the removal of pressure points by contouring and assuming the shape of the body. The Differential Pressure Zone Layer acts as a double agent to align your spine and provide just the right support for different parts of the body, while also enabling better air circulation. The base foam provides firm support to the overall mattress construction. Likewise, we put strategic thoughts into creating different types of mattresses for you.

The best mattress is the one that enhances the quality of your sleep at night. So get your memory foam mattress from Telflex today!
Buy Memory Foam Mattress Online From Telflex

A comfortable mattress is a bed of roses that instantly puts you off to sleep. Explore our online store range of home decor at Telflex.co

If sound sleep seems like a distant dream, you’ve come to the right place. Our Orthopedic Memory Foam Mattress has been reinvented countless times to ensure that we get the ultimate recipe for a good night’s sleep. We believe that a mind that sleeps right, thinks right. And therefore, we are passionate about creating sleep solutions at an affordable price for every Indian.

OOur latest model of this memory foam mattress has all the ingredients to ensure that you get the best rest after a long day’s work. Instead of shopping at offline mattress stores where you have to make the decision of a lifetime in 10 minutes, Telflex enables you to order your safe and sanitized mattress online with just a few clicks with a risk free trial of upto a 100 nights. Simply visit Telflex’s website, select the size of the memory foam mattress suited to your needs and delivered to your doorstep. After all, the best mattress is the one that gives you the best sleep.
Best Ortho Mattress Online

Telflex brings you the memory foam mattress in India, conveniently delivering right at your doorstep. With Telflex, you don’t have to worry about the size of the bed, you can order anything from a Single Bed to Double Bed Mattress Online in India.

Have a bigger bed frame? Worry Not! Telflex has a wide range of memory foam mattress online that can fit different types of beds. Whether you need a regular foam mattress or a single memory foam mattress, Telflex will look into all your concerns. Till then, understand how the best king size memory foam mattress will fit your bed and bedroom vibe. Or, how big is the queen memory foam Mattress actually? Will that suit your needs? Would you still have to hunt for another ortho mattress? Read on to find out.

Telflex has now been in existence since 2016 understanding and emphasising the importance of sleep. Over the last few years, we have serviced over 8 lakh customers, sold over 18 lakh products, and spent at least 1500 hours in research and development. We pride ourselves on being customer-centric and providing our customers with the very best of service.

Also, we have spent our initial years talking to our customers to understand their needs better and creating products that cater to those needs. This is the ethos of our company and we believe that the only way to succeed is to solve a problem our users face in their daily lives.

After building a successful line of sleep products with ergonomic design, we now have a line of home products online, designed to be ergonomic solutions for the modern Indian household. We believe in selling products of the highest quality at the very best of prices, so that true comfort is accessible to everyone in India.

Our other products include Mattress Protectors, Mat tress, Comforters, Shoe Racks, Wall Hanging Shelves, Study Tables, Office Chairs, Wardrobes, the list goes on. Explore more and find solutions that work for you in creating the perfect home, without breaking the bank.